README.md, before:

# FasterJpath

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/faster_jpath`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'faster_jpath'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle install

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install faster_jpath

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/faster_jpath. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/faster_jpath/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the FasterJpath project's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/faster_jpath/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

add serde anyobject and tested it both for file and string

README.md, after:

# FasterJpath

This is hopefully a faster implementation of jmespath ruby gem. It wraps over the Rust implementation of [JMESpath](https://github.com/jmespath/jmespath.rb/).

## Usage

```
pattern = "message"
json_str = '{"message":{"body": "Hello World", "favorite_numbers": [42,0, 3.14159]}}'
JPath.extract_from_string(pattern, json_str) # => {"body" => "Hello World", "favorite_numbers" => [42, 0, 3.14159]}
```

## Performance

This was a good educational experience. It turns out that `serde-json` is still slower that actual `json` parsing in Ruby. I will invest more time in using the faster JSON crate but this requires fixes to the `Variable` struct at JMESPath. 

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the FasterJpath project's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/tarkalabs/faster_jpath/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
